feat: Implement user consent modal for moderator unmute (#23384)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/administration/customize.md

| `maxPinnedCameras`                       | Maximum number of cameras pinned simultaneously                                               | Integer (0=disable)                                          | 3                              |
| `muteOnStart`                            | Mute the meeting on start                                                                     | true/false                                                   | false _`overwritable`_         |
| `allowModsToUnmuteUsers`                 | Gives moderators permission to unmute other users                                             | true/false                                                   | false _`overwritable`_         |

> | `modsRequestToUnmuteUsers`               | Gives moderators permission to unmute other users                                             | true/false                                                   | false _`overwritable`_         |

Reviewer: Incorrect description. Some clarification on how this differs from allowModsToUnmuteUsers would be good.

> | `requireUserConsentBeforeUnmuting`       | Allows moderators to ask participants to unmute themselves                                    | true/false                                                   | false _`overwritable`_         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `requireUserConsentBeforeUnmuting`       | Allows participants to accept or decline when a moderator asks them to unmute.                                    | true/false                                                   | false _`overwritable`_         |
```
